feat(unreal): Document custom properties/releases (#2136)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/native/guides/ue4/advanced-config.mdx

---
title: Advanced Configuration
---

> Basic Attributes can be reconfigured by providing a special game data to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic attributes can be reconfigured by providing a special game data to the
```

crash reporter by setting the `__sentry` game data key to a JSON value containing
Sentry specific attributes:

```cpp
#include "GenericPlatform/GenericPlatformCrashContext.h"
#include "Dom/Json.h"

void ConfigureCrashReporter()
{
    TSharedPtr<FJsonObject> config = MakeShareable(new FJsonObject);

    // sentry specific attributes to here
    config->SetStringField("release", "name-of-app@1.0.0");
    config->SetStringField("environment", "production");

    FString jsonConfig;
    TSharedRef<TJsonWriter<>> jsonWriter = TJsonWriterFactory<>::Create(&jsonConfig);
    FJsonSerializer::Serialize(config, jsonWriter);

    FGenericCrashContext::SetGameData(TEXT("__sentry"), jsonConfig);
}
```

You need to call the `ConfigureCrashReporter` some time after your game

> starts up. Any event attribute can be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
starts up. Any [event attribute] can be set.

[event attribute](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/event-payloads/)
```

> Depending on the version of Unreal Engine you are using you might also have to
> add the JSON support to the build script (`MyProject.build.cs`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the version of Unreal Engine you are using, you may have to
add JSON support to the build script (`MyProject.build.cs`):
```
